---
author: Jesse Morgan
categories:
- Rant
date: "2005-12-01T14:08:46Z"
guid: http://morgajel.net/2005/12/01/30/
id: 30
title: sleep
url: /2005/12/01/30
views:
- "49"
---

As some of you may or may not know, I’ve been having back problems ever since I moved to Virginia.  
The Movers “misplaced” our stuff, and I ended up sleeping on the floor or an half-inflated air mattress for a month.

I’ve had back problems ever since.

Right before thanksgiving, two excellent events happened:

- I had a doctor’s appointment
- We bought a new bed

I went to the doctor to complain about my backpain, and see if I could get a consultation or something. She perscribed some anti-inflammitories and told me to give them a month.

As for the bed, I finally broke down and bought a Select Comfort bed from my friend Jeff (on his last day no less) after 2 years of him working for the company.

We only had the bed for a week before we left for michigan for a week. But during that time I found the bed to be very comfortable, and my back started to unlock.  
Thanksgiving struck, and we slept on several uncomfortable beds that made my back hurt again.

It’s been a little under a week since we got back and for the first time in a year I’ve slept a straight 7 hours without being woke up with back pain. This has happened several days in a row now.

I never realized how much I really need my sleep. I’ve been waking up refreshed and generally in a good mood. A month ago I was forced to get up every 4 hours, stretch, mumble for 1/2 an hour then try to get back to sleep. Now I can sleep straight through the night and wake up with no back pain (still feel a little stiff though). I can’t tell you how great that feels.

I still have a few more weeks worth of pills to take, and when they’re gone, I’ll pretty sure I’ll be in good shape.

Yeah, the bed cost $1500+ dollars, but it was totally worth it.

p.s. I look forward to sleeping 12 hours straight this weekend 🙂