---
author: Jesse Morgan
categories:
- IRC
date: "2005-10-14T10:23:14Z"
guid: http://morgajel.net/?p=16
id: 16
title: Another IRC Porn Loser
url: /2005/10/14/16
views:
- "402"
---

Sometimes I really enjoy IRC a bit too much. you see, I spend a lot of time in the #asp channel, which at one point was a good place to talk about Active Server Pages. ASP is now pretty much dead, and the channel is a plain old (and rather vicious) chat channel.

The problem is, on another network, #asp stands for alt.sex.passwords, so people come in all the time looking for porn passwords. To make this annoyance a little more entertaining, we have a bot that responds to !search by telling people to press alt-z to get “the list”. The thing is, alt-z closes the window with a part message. to add insult to injury, the bot messages anyone parting that their results can be found at a tinyurl redirect page…. instead of a list of porn passwords, it sends them to an incredibly repulsive picture named “tubgirl”. You really don’t want to see, and it’s not safe for work… or humanity in general.

Anyways, here’s a snippet of the latest genius to show up.  
I’ll give a running commentary as we go.

> \* nnnnnnnn (~mmmmmm@222.126.33.138) has joined #asp  
> \[nnnnnnnn\] search bangbus  
> \[dev\_null\] nnnnnnnn try !search \[search string\]  
> \[LLAMAHERDER\] !search \[search string\]  
> \[Crusher\_\] Your search returned more than 10 results. Press alt+z to view results in a separate window.  
> \[LLAMAHERDER\] Nice  
> \[nnnnnnnn\] im not stupid  
> \[VP|bofh\] I beg to differ  
> \* nnnnnnnn has quit (Quit)  
> \[LLAMAHERDER\] Then you should know better.  
> \[LLAMAHERDER\] Bah  
> \[dev\_null\] if you are not stupid what are you going looking for passwords in GOD DAMN PROGRAMMING CHANNEL YOU DUMBASS  
> \[LLAMAHERDER\] Well he was smart enough to leave before he was the target of many jokes.  
> \[morgajelWork\] LLAMAHERDER: we can only hope he gets to see tubgirl  
> \[dev\_null\] HE WILL  
> \[VP|bofh\] that’s ok  
> \[VP|bofh\] I told him not to come back again  
> \[dev\_null\] haha  
> \* nnnnnnnn (~mmmmmm@222.126.33.138) has joined #asp  
> \[nnnnnnnn\] search! bangbus  
> \* Crusher- (~no@64.73.35.238) has joined #asp  
> \[nnnnnnnn\] search! bangbus  
> \[nnnnnnnn\] search! bangbus  
> \[nnnnnnnn\] !ping  
> \[Pytte\] nnnnnnnn, your ping is 1.281 secs.  
> \[nnnnnnnn\] search! bangbus  
> \[morgajelWork\] stupid  
> \[morgajelWork\] !search bangbus  
> \[Crusher\_\] Your search returned more than 10 results. Press alt+z to view results in a separate window.  
> \[nnnnnnnn\] stupid ur ass!  
> \* nnnnnnnn (~mmmmmm@222.126.33.138) has left #asp  
> \[morgajelWork\] haha