---
author: Jesse Morgan
categories:
- Jackie
- Rant
- Website
date: "2006-02-14T12:23:41Z"
guid: http://morgajel.net/2006/02/14/50/
id: 50
title: Owning Up
url: /2006/02/14/50
views:
- "64"
---

Had a discussion with my wife last week about how much we share on our websites. It sounds like there is some concern that we talk “personal” issues on our websites- like my temper tantrum when pablo died, and how jackie’s family act like children when you get them in a room together.

So here is my statement on it.

If I discuss it here, I have nothing to hide. I am not perfect, nor do I pretend to be. This site is open to everyone- if you want to understand me, this is the place to read. I don’t feel the need to hide- I am proud of who I am. I talk about my embarassing moments here. You know why? To keep me from ever doing it again. It’s trial by fire.

Not to get real philisophical, but the last 10 years has been a pivitol point in the history of humanity. Knowledge is no longer a secret meant to be bottled up- it is now shared. The people who do this are also opening themselves to the world as well.

People who read this know me; they know my motivations. They’re less likely to mistake my intentions. Yes, I am human; yes, I make mistakes. But I do not cover them up. I **will not** cover them up. This does not mean I am not a private person- quite the opposite. I however choose the information I release. For example, I wouldn’t release information that would purposfully do injury to people (although I do not care about their feelings). But I do not hide information because I am ashamed.

If you disagree with me, I want to ask you this- why? Why would you not want people to know? Does it matter? Do you care what people really think of you? I admit, I do care- but I care only for selfish reasons. If they cannot accept me for who I am, that is their loss.

I am Jesse Morgan. I am comfortable with who I am. Why can’t you be?