---
author: Jesse Morgan
categories:
- The House
date: "2008-06-30T17:26:24Z"
guid: http://morgajel.net/2008/06/30/254/
id: 254
title: ow&#8230; ow&#8230; ow&#8230;
url: /2008/06/30/254
views:
- "45"
---

So, we’re in the new house as of yesterday- AT&amp;T just finished the dsl line, and everything is up and running- well, except for the 200 boxes that need unpacking. If the site goes down, let me know- AT&amp;T didn’t bother telling me that my static ip was gonna change- I suppose it makes sense, but my gut instinct is they gave me a dynamic IP instead and it’ll change in the next week or two.

During this move I managed to drop something heavy on my toe, re-injure my heel, and generally exhaust myself. I had to stay home today because both feet hurt if I walk for more than 3 minutes at a time. it’s double the fun running across the yard after Ian. Speaking of which, he loves his new room and goes crazy in the yard (and the sandbox and sprinkler).

OH, and I owe some big thanks out there:

General- he’s helped us move damn near every time- thank you. He was in Chicago the day before and helped us move on 3 hours of sleep.

Ed- I haven’t seen Ed in 6 years, and he jumped at the opportunity to help. Now that he’s only 15 minutes or so away, we’re gonna get together and get the guitars out.

Lee- brought a 2 and a 4-wheel dolly- that made moving SO much simpler, not to mention helped us get rid of some of this delicious cake.

Jeremy- helped move many many boxes despite being jet-lagged from being in California last week.

My parents- my dad packed that truck so full that I’m convinced we wouldn’t have fit it all if I had done it. My mom also helped and more importantly, kept ian entertained.

Ken- Jackie’s dad showed up late to the party but stayed till midnight helping us get a baby-gate in place over the stairwell as well as running cable

Jackie- for not freaking out more than me. That helped a lot 🙂

Ian- for being relatively well behaved, despite not knowing WTF was going on and freaking out when we took his bed apart and took it away. Once he saw the empty apartment, then the empty house, he put the two together quickly.

I don’t think there was anyone else, but if there was, thank you. I’m absolutely totaled, and would be in much worse shape if you hadn’t helped.