---
author: Jesse Morgan
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2013-02-03T01:25:55Z"
guid: http://morgajel.net/?p=1316
id: 1316
title: 'Hey, what’s that? Part 2: The Battleground'
url: /2013/02/03/1316
---

Continuing on with my location generation, lets look at another type: the Battleground.

What do we know about battlegrounds? are they fresh? ancient? how are they recognized? is there lore? are they well known?

> During your travels, you stumble across the site of a\[n ancient/ recent\] battle.
> 
> The field is \[several/dozens of/hundreds of\] yards in length and littered with bones and rusted weapons. Nearby you find the signs of a mass grave. \[trenches/barricades/towers\] still stand over the site.
> 
> Legends hint that this battle was waged between \[regionX\] and \[regionY/a horde\] over \[territory/taxes/politics/sovereignty\]. After \[a few/several/dozens of\] \[hours/days/years\] of war, \[regionx/regiony/the horde\] won a \[decisive/slim/miniscule\] victory. Stories of the battle are \[rare/plentiful/common/unknown\]. Local settlements \[love/hate/avoid/loathe\] talking about the battle. It is seen as a \[decisive/uniting\] moment in the region’s history.
> 
> This was also the battle where \[name\] the \[adjective\] was \[first seen/killed/betrayed\]. With \[his/her\] trusty \[axe/sword/bow\] in hand, \[he/she\] fought for \[regionx/regiony\] until his eventual \[victory/defeat/death/betrayal\].
> 
> As you approach, you see \[recent/ancient/no\] signs of life.
> 
> It is \[noon/evening/midnight\]. The air is \[cold and thin/humid/hot/sticky\]. \[Grey/White/Purple/Dark/Ominous\] clouds \[streak/cover\] the sky \[in the distance/overhead\]

What else could I add?